we're living through an interesting
period of time in which one end of the
political spectrum is being censored and
suppressed by social media by the
internet in a way that the other end of
the political spectrum is not my own
political views and values are
left-of-centre so I see the harm done by
the left-wing extreme much more than I
see the harm done by the right-wing
stream I'm constantly meeting and
talking to people who have been
seriously damaged and misinformed by
communist propaganda um but we're not
living through a period of time in which
the right-wing can openly present neo
Nazi propaganda or can openly present
fascist propaganda they do so covertly
and periodically we have scandals in the
Western press when the covert nature of
their messaging gets exposed this kind
of thing is ongoing but I'm about to
show you just a couple of clips of
communists overtly discussing and
marketing communism and talking about an
even demonstrating view a little bit how
they make excuses for the history of
mass murder these videos are not
demonetized these videos are not
suppressed or deleted by YouTube whereas
right-wing groups face constant threat
of their Twitter or being deleted their
YouTube channel being deleted their
freedom of expression shut down this
type of left-wing extremist propaganda
YouTube considers itself a neutral
platform for hello and welcome very much
to marketing how to market bread
communism hello your friendly
neighborhood radical reviewer here have
you heard that communism has never
worked that communism always fails that
communism kills people
I knew we can look at like a number of
communist governments that have failed
miserably at a point my communism is bad
but is this true
well countries embark on various
economic projects in various parts of
the world at various times in our
history so it's difficult to make such a
categorical statement as communism has
never worked in fact one could easily
argue that since these various countries
had States and did not have worker
control of the means of production then
by definition they were not communist
let's take a look at key factor number
two downplaying the achievements of
communist experiments well let's see
here's a study using World Bank data
which found that socialist countries had
higher quality of life than capitalist
countries when controlling for a level
of economic development using criteria
such as life expectancy literacy daily
caloric intake and access to higher
education or housing or what about this
Oxfam America report on Cuba which
details the achievements of the Cuban
Revolution basically my point is this
behind the assumption that every attempt
at communism just naturally failed
because communism has contradictions
within it that causes it to fail that
ignores the influence capitalist
interventionism has had on attempts at
communism and it ignores the positive
aspects of these nations that we should
strive for so the next time someone
argues that communism has never worked
or that communism always fails or that
communism killed 500,000 gazillion
people recognize that they probably have
no idea what they're talking about don't
think about your you know small channel
with your small sub count as meaningless
because if you took all the little tiny
channels on left tube and you put them
all together that's a ton of reach and
impact that we're having
let's now contrast this to a short clip
from Frank decoder this is under five
minutes long I constantly face this
supercilious attitude from left wingers
that anyone who disagrees with them they
just don't know what they're talking
about I've devoted many years of my life
to study
the history of communism and Frank
decoder has devoted many years of his
life and he's now published many books
to studying the history of communism
especially in China shouldn't really
come as a surprise as a surprise to
anyone familiar with one-party states in
particular you know the sort of Leninist
Marxist variety if you study the history
of the Soviet Union you will know that
1917 is followed by a very brutal civil
war and of course a Red Terror
and you can say the same thing about any
other one-party state um throughout the
20th century so try there's no exception
so if I would have to summarize it very
quickly let's say in minutes now it's
said that one great misunderstanding of
19 to 49 is that it is often described
as a liberation that's what the regime
says and when you think in terms of
liberation you imagine people applauding
the arrival of the Liberation Army but
it was a military conquest and a very
brutal one as Stalin and the Soviets
helped Mao Zedong turn his ragtag army
of guerrilla fighters into a very
formidable fighting machine it was very
brutal in Chiang true in 1948 big city
in Manchuria to the north of Beijing
didn't be all a general laid siege to
Chun Kuen for five months
hundred and sixty thousand ordinary
people start as there were blockaded in
that city trunks Xuan fell other cities
were besieged before you know it all of
these cities start surrendering
unwilling to undergo that horror
so the red flag goes up in 1949 this is
followed immediately by land reform
which again is often misunderstood as
being about land when you say land
reform you think land well it was very
much about creating a pact sealed in
blood between the poorest of the poor
and the party by very much forcing the
poor and a majority of the popular
villages to eliminate their own
frequently elected leaders in other
words they had to denounce people
carefully targeted by the party people
denounced as tyrants or landlords or
traitors or dangerous elements about 2
million of them were killed the assets
distributed to the crowd those who
refused to participate and his
denunciations were denounced in turn so
you could say that 1949 and land reform
theory is established on its established
through violence and by violence this is
going to be more about in minutes I
think a couple of minutes as I rush
through the People's Republic this is
followed by a number of campaigns
against pretty much anyone and anything
that might be opposed to a one-party
state in in brief from 1949 to 1956 all
organizations outside of the
organization of the party are eliminated
religious organizations civil
Association study groups philanthropic
societies independent chambers of
commerce student unions worker unions
all eliminated and replaced by the hand
of the party many millions also targeted
directly from October 1950 to October 51
as enemies of the people people who were
seen to be standing in the path of the
revolution literally eliminated in front
of other people in stadiums in big
cities or
on stages built in smaller villages in
the countryside shot in front of others
as a warning
Mao gives a killing quota of 1 per
thousand but this of course escalates in
many parts of the country it becomes 2
to 3 per thousands in other words by the
time that we reach 1952 including land
reform some 5 million people have been
killed on purpose have been targeted and
eliminated so in that clip you just
heard the first five million executions
summarized very briefly in the history
of Communist China just from 1949 to
1950 - you're over 5 million people
slain executed not starvation not other
forms of death that later add tens and
tens of millions to the body count
that's the first 5 million killed with
bullets and bayonets and swords and
killed in cold blood not killed in Civil
War they weren't fighting back civilian
mass execution so it is a very strange
error we're living through on the
internet where it seems to be socially
acceptable and monetizable for people to
tell lies glorifying this mass murder in
this history but not to tell lies
glorifying the other forms of mass
murder I am NOT a free speech advocate I
actually really do believe in the moral
purpose of censorship censorship can be
done well and can be done poorly in some
cases the function of censorship is
merely to separate free speech into
separate categories I think it's very
important that you have some websites
and sub TV channels that are safe for
children to watch some that have
pornography and some don't I think it
makes sense to have some websites where
you're gonna see a certain level of
violence the level of violence you see
on CNN on new news networks that show
scenes of warfare and to have another TV
channel where
you know you can hear the news but you
know you're not going to see those
scenes of elves
I think censorship serves a you know a
positive function in our society in many
different ways
and I think that a country like modern
Germany it's a very interesting case
study and what happens with censorship
where you have the government actively
censoring pro-nazi pro-hitler statements
nevertheless Germany today in the 21st
century has a very active and very open
neo-nazi movement so the the successes
and failures of different kinds of
censorship I think is a complex topic
worth questioning I don't have a simple
solution in the sense of saying oh well
let the left wingers promote their
propaganda and let the right wingers
promote their propaganda then somehow
the truth will emerge out of these
contrasting and contradictory claims I
think that is just as dangerous as
saying let's allow all food
manufacturers to label their products as
healthy to make whatever health claims
they want I think it's actually very
important that the government step in
and say no you can't take a dozen eggs
chicken eggs and write on them that this
is healthy chicken eggs scientifically
speaking are not healthy so you know I
think it's I don't think you can sell a
pack of cigarettes and tell people that
they're healthy either I think there's a
very good reason for censorship and
enforcement of labels and standards on
these things however when you get into
the social sciences history and politics
there isn't even a clear distinction
between fiction and nonfiction there
isn't a clear distinction between fact
and opinion and of course it's it's
tragic that people live for many years
ignorant of the real facts and cultivate
an even a sense of moral purpose and
smug superiority over others because
they they become adherence to this type
of propaganda these these types of
claims that soften people up for that
make people feel more and more
comfortable with excuses for mass murder
or violence
versions of history that very
intentionally paper over downplay and
why's the dramatic failure of
historically real communist regimes in
fact one could easily argue that since
these various countries had states and
did not have worker control of the means
of production then by definition they
were not communist this brings me to the
other issue I have discussed this before
in other videos and I've discussed it
directly with communists and debate but
it comes up here again even in the very
short clip I played for you of examples
of current and ongoing communist
propaganda here on YouTube the the
definitional fallacy where communists
will engage with absolutely no irony in
a no true Scotsman fallacy where they
try to define communism in such a way
that it excavates it exonerates
communist regimes or it exonerates them
where they say oh well anything bad
about communist regimes that we don't
have to take credit for because that
doesn't fit the definition of communism
and then as you see even in that short
clip they then still proceeded to make
excuses for historically real communist
regimes there's a distinction between
ethic and emic here
in a university classroom we would never
use an emic definition of what Tibetan
Buddhism is we'd never use an emic
definition of what the Nazi Party was
for example nor the Communist Party nor
even do we use IMF definitions of Islam
so I mean with each of these ideologies
let's use Tibetan Buddhism as as the
least least shocking perhaps it's
possible for a Tibetan Buddhist to
present you with a definition that
inherently glorifies their religion and
excludes as not genuinely representative
of Tibetan Buddhism anything they find
distasteful disapprove of to give an
example a very real part of the Tibetan
Buddhist religion was creating bowls out
of human skulls that would also make
musical instruments out of leg bones
other parts of the body were used to
make various religious artifacts shall
we say now you can talk to a Tibetan
Buddhist today who will who will insist
you oh no no those traditions you know
that's just folklore that's not part of
Buddhism here's the definition of
Buddhism we use in Tibetan Buddhism now
okay so this practice taking a human
skull and turning it into a bowl you
know you could include even more extreme
things like human sacrifice killing
people to produce magical elixirs and so
on okay these were done by Buddhist
monks in Buddhist temples with the
authority of this religion it's very
much as part of the practice and as I
say real-world political authority this
religion had over people's lives you
know that there's a really meaningful
and important sense in which we have to
use an outsider's definition again this
is the ethic versus emic distinction we
have to use a detached Outsiders
definition and say no here's what we
mean when we talk about Tibetan Buddhism
and the fact that people who themselves
are true believers in Tibetan Buddhism
the fact that people within the
ideologies don't use this same
definition that's not a flaw with our
approach that's actually a strength so
the same way neo-nazis could give a
definition of
fascism or Nazism or National Socialism
that excavates them papers over the
failures and so on
a proponent of Islam this is very very
common they will often give you a
definition of jihad sometimes they give
you a definition the religion itself how
they define the Islamic faith but the
loss can give you a definition of jihad
that's very misleading it's misleading
in terms of what the actual texts say
the hadith and the Quran but it's also
misleading in terms of the historical
application the reality of what these
things mean today and over prior
centuries in these long faiths they'll
give you some very flattering definition
of jihad and then of course the
necessary implication of this again kind
of definitional fallacy you say oh well
anyone who uses the word jihad in
another way they're not really Muslim
they don't really know what time so
again this is the no true Scotsman
fallacy and the Communists in 2019 taper
they're playing this hard they are they
are taking this to the utmost limit in a
completely humorless completely deadpan
way and I I don't know I mean I guess I
have now spoken to a few communists who
talk to me later after having the debate
gotten touched me a few weeks later or
something and said that they realized I
was right that this really was a very
fundamental problem in their thinking
and they needed to change their their
approach to politics the female voice
who appeared in this channel was a woman
who appeared only her voice not her face
and made a very confrontational debate
about the definition of communism she
got and touched me a few weeks later and
she had really completely changed her
mind on it after watching that video
back and watching a couple other videos
in my channel that we're talking about
you know the real nature of communism
the real history of communism so that
might be a positive example of free
speech actually working but for every
one example like her there's so many
more that just double down and get more
deeply committed to this kind of
propaganda so look as I say simply put
there's a lot of harm done by propaganda
of this kind we live in an era when
people very casually talk about learning
the lessons of history
history has no voice you know it's you
and I who have voices history is not
significant for what it can take from
the past it's significant for what it
can add to the present so in the
controversy that I alluded to earlier of
a right-wing group called identity
Europa being exposed and the internet
because their private messages were
shared and the private messages revealed
the extent to which they were really a
respectable front for much more
difficult to respect right-wing
extremists because you know the main
impact of that I mean you know what
they're doing is not illegal in the
United States the main impact is getting
their Twitter shut down getting their
social social media platforms like
YouTube shut down getting demonetised
and even some of the companies handling
financial transactions and so on where
those get shut down because companies
say forget it if this is what you guys
are preaching we don't want to do
business with you we're definitely
living in a period of time where that
kind of scrutiny is being applied to one
extreme on the political spectrum and
not the other
now I openly admit there isn't a simple
solution how can we draw up standards
that are applied fairly and consistently
maybe the standard is if you're a lying
about any historical event that involves
the deaths of over a million people
maybe how is it you're gonna legislate
this I'm over 40 years old so I've now
heard a whole generation of people say
again and again that they were learning
the lessons of the Vietnam War and then
engage in a series of wars most
obviously Afghanistan that absolutely
repeated all of the errors of the
Vietnam War so the claims to have
learned from history are easily made the
actual process of learning from history
is quite another thing
[Music]